MODPUBSUB-94 Document how to set-up permissions for event callback API (#212)
folio-org/mod-pubsub: README.md

```
Endpoint, which will receive the event from the publisher module has address: "/process/records".

> The following block should be included to Subscriber’s “ModuleDescriptor-template.json”. 
> It should have "pathPattern" and "permissionsRequired" to every callback address for receiving an Event payload listed within its MessagingDescriptor.json.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following block should be included into the list of provided interfaces within subscriber's `ModuleDescriptor-template.json`. It should declare a handler for every event type listed in `subscriptions` block of its `MessagingDescriptor.json`. Each handler should have `pubsub.events.post` among its `requiredPermissions`.
```

Author: Thank you, it is updated.
